hello everyone welcome to the channel del
recycling i am vicky and this time
I show you how I made these two keychains
keychains he and she to give to that
special person so I invite you to
that stay to see this video with me
share it and subscribe to the channel if
they have not done it yet so they do not
lose any recycling video besides
I leave my social networks for me
follow and comment everything that you
want, let's start
we begin by cutting out a heart of
preferably cardboard that is thick
about half a centimeter to give
consistency to the keychains we're going to
do then now what we do is
mark where we are going to make the cuts
to split the heart in 2
more or less we will talk like that then
we take the cutter and cut
then once we have it cut
now let's take a napkin from
paper and we're going to chop it up and with these
pieces of paper we are going to cover the
two parts of the heart let's start
covering all the edges so that
look like a solid piece then with a
little white tail mixed with water
equal parts we are putting the paper
About the cardboard pieces
do not
If we have wrinkles, nothing happens
it's even much better to be able to do
the effect that we want to do well a
Once we have finished putting the
paper and this has dried let's make it
a hole to each of the pieces as
what have I done in this I used to
this my punch
so we put it and
we push
and we have already seen the hole that
we need and now we're going to start
paint it
we will make it red we paint it
completely and we make sure that the
paint enter all the wrinkles that
we have left on paper we are going to paint
all the whole piece in front and by
behind once this painting has
drying we will use another color
I'm going to take advantage of that I have this in
Silver color then with the brush
let's take some paint
and I'm going to remove the excess in this
napkin
and I'm going to use the technique of my friend lola
and we are passing the brush this way
so that the silver paint stays on
the wrinkles of our heart
we do the same in all of the
heart on one side as on the other
and ready we have it we do not need
more paint as you see is a droplet what
what we need can be any
color but they do have gold plated
much better already have heart ready
and now we just need to add
the chains the rings and the rings
for keychain
then we take a clamp
to help us open the rings
let's fit the chain
and the heart or the part of the heart that
corresponds
we close
and on the other side we fit the ring
for keys
and we have the good one and we repeat the
process with the other
and ready here we already have two keyrings he
and her so if you want
give a romantic detail like this
nice, you can do it this way
if you liked this video
I really like the end of the video
I leave more tutorials recycling them
I recommend that you click on the image to
take them directly to the tutorial and
nothing else this is all for today I hope that
in recycling there they liked it
I hope you do too and
see you in the next video until the
next
and the just